Update initial blog post with 0.5.0 release info (#67)
capactio/website: blog/2021-09-07-introducing-capact.md

We are ultimately all alone. We are siloed within the context of team, department, or company, locked-in in a particular ecosystem of tooling. To deliver end-to-end capabilities, we build them from scratch in a vacuum. We consume API calls, transform data, build and manage infrastructure and applications. Don't we spend too much time solving the same problems as others have?

Sharing expertise is something that already happens—we have plenty of libraries and frameworks out there. But what if we went a step further and have a way to create, use and share building blocks that are **language-agnostic abstracted capabilities**?

For example, if you're not a cloud expert, all you need to know is that you want a managed PostgreSQL database on AWS. Let the subject-matter experts take care of it, and simply focus on your business logic. Likewise, if you need any Kubernetes cluster—by saying "I want any Kubernetes cluster" and letting the magic happen, you could cover both local development and production scenarios…

> What if I told you… **it is all possible**?

Reviewer: it is all possible --> Capact makes it possible.

Author: There's the following sentence right after "What if I told you… it is all possible?":

> Introducing Capact, crowdsourced expertise. Learn once, use everywhere.

🤔 Personally I like the current version more, as at this point the reader doesn't know what's Capact.

Maybe we could keep it as it is, or alternatively have something like:

"What if I told you… there's a project that makes it possible?"

Reviewer: Good point. Let's go with: "now this is all possible."

Author: ```suggestion
What if I told you… **now this is all possible**?
```
